#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile reqs.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
bicleaner-ai==3.2.1
    # via -r reqs.in
bicleaner-ai-glove==0.2.1
    # via bicleaner-ai
bicleaner-hardrules==2.10.4
    # via bicleaner-ai
cacheman==2.2.0
    # via cyhunspell
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via sacremoses
cyhunspell==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r reqs.in
    #   fastspell
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
fastspell==0.11
    # via bicleaner-hardrules
fastspell-dictionaries==3.2
    # via fastspell
fasttext-wheel==0.9.2
    # via
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   fastspell
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow
fsspec==2024.5.0
    # via huggingface-hub
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via bicleaner-ai
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.22.2
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
levenshtein==0.25.1
    # via python-levenshtein
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via tensorflow
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-ai-glove
    #   fasttext-wheel
    #   h5py
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   cacheman
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.12.0
    # via fasttext-wheel
pytest==8.2.0
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
python-levenshtein==0.25.1
    # via bicleaner-ai
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   fastspell
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.9.0
    # via levenshtein
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
    #   fastspell
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via bicleaner-ai
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai-glove
    #   scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via bicleaner-ai
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   sacremoses
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.15.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.1
    # via bicleaner-ai
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolwrapper==2.1.0
    # via
    #   bicleaner-ai
    #   bicleaner-hardrules
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.1
    # via bicleaner-ai
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   fastspell
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via bicleaner-ai

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
